---
layout: post
title: "Mist of the Living Dead"
excerpt: "Only Way Is Up is Under Soil"
categories: dark_light
tags: [ dark_light ]
date: 2022-08-06T00:00:00-00:00

---
* the heart
Who would want to kill one's own heart. By pushing himself to extreme lethargy, rarely moving out of his bed for almost a year. During the time, the hard bed had sunk to the shape of his diminishing body shape.
With a stupid premise to meet his end by killing himself through natural means, he just wanted life to end, just wanted the heart to stop beating. The pain of shame, the pain of regrets was unbearable to live another moment. He was a coward of the first rate, he was scared of harming self with his hands knowing that the physical pain  would be too much for his weakened spirit to suffer. He would gaze through the windows of the high rise apartment, wondering should he jump now or wait until the pain was top much, the jumping plan failed as he observed that it would lead to physical disability for the rest of his life rather the expected outcome of a complete stop. Jumping across the bridge which spanned the huge lake of his land-locked city was out of the question too, the water was not too treacherous. He would push through the slow process of making his heart stop by itself by following worst practice which would definitely lead to heart failure.

* Remember - For the ones that left
* Part 1 - Every movie release of the series brings back guilty pangs

* Part 2 - Every delay of meeting family brings back the haunting memories of never being able to meet again

* anthology of survival
