---
layout: post
title: "Statement Of Purpose"
categories: blog
excerpt:
tags: []
image:
  feature:
date: 2017-05-22T08:08:50-04:00
---

To gain knowledge & experience by colloborating with similar focussed and committed dreamers/learners for solving issues and give a bit back to be human mind collosous.

Some projects picked up on the way
1. ArtEye - A solution (in works) to help visually impaired recognise through speech provided from mobile app
2. TourBuddy - An application for tourists to learn about new places and get crucial info
3. DigitalJournal - An android tablet application designed to provid more time for understanding experiments by cutting down on repeated manual calculations.


<dd><div>During high school, I was introduced to
scientific calculator device and to cell phone. I was intrigued how,
one had specific functionality whereas the other was vibrantly
multi-domain multifunctional in spite of the little difference in their
sizes.
<br>The building blocks for my interest and passion were the science
fairs and seminars which I actively participated and won prizes.
<br>
<br>In my final year of college I was fortunate enough to work under
Prof. Meena S. Maralappanvar, A Professor and HOD of Information
Science, BVBCET as a research under graduate(REU) on a project based on
Speech Synthesis for Image retrieval. REU program inculcated research
methodology, leading to publishing a research paper as undergraduate.
Android application was built to reduce nearly 10,000 papers per year in
2012 and it is still in use.
<br>
<br>After a rigorous screening process, in which I competed with
hundreds of students, I was one among the three who were offered a job
by Subex Ltd. Subex, the foremost provider of business analytics systems
for Telecom operators. As a developer, I had the opportunity to firm up
my programming skills and apply them in resolving issues. I also learnt
the strategies that are used while working with voluminous data sets.
<br>
<br>From simple luxuries like suggestions on your partly completed
Google search term, to groundbreaking discoveries in other specialized
fields reliant on intelligent data, I find the world around me running
on systems that are adapting, learning and always evolving to produce
astounding results.
<br>
<br>The urge to keep learning and constantly evolve lead me to join as
Research Assistant at KLE Technological University where being part of
Intelligent Systems group,  image processing systems are built for
Autonomous vehicles and a classification engine for Heritage sites. The
role also included guiding 6 UG students for project work and as
teaching assistant for Machine Learning Course.
<br>
<br>With my experience in image processing systems and building industry
use applications i would like to work with Prof. Dr. Juergen Gall as
part of Computer Vision group and with Prof. Dr. Jens Lehmann to apply
Big Data concepts to process data at real time. My intrigue and
fascination for intelligent systems especially has made me seek a deeper
knowledge through a graduate program. Having some exposure to the
Industry will help me understand the wide-ranging applicability and
limitations of how information systems can be used in the real world.
<br>
<br>
<br>I look forward to learning from internationally acclaimed Institutes and the fraternity, taking
<br>my technical character and refining it further.</div></dd>
