---
layout: post
title: "Path"
excerpt: "What to do for the goal"
categories: pledge
tags: [ pledge ]
date: 2022-12-15T00:00:00-00:00

---

You must use your hear to decide the destination, But use your head to plot the journey

* Destinatio - Mars
* Path - 
    * Infinite ways to reach mars
        * You have reached Mars
        * Now tread back the steps
        * That is the path to follow
        * This is the way - Single minded focus
        * Do not be lostm Do not be distracted
        * Do not settle for anything else
    
Do the hard work, everyday. Show the path, Live the Path

* One comes alone, One leaves alone
* One comes with nothing, One leaves with nothing
* One should give more than one receives
* Only this way helps to build more
    * For there space to fill. A stuffed place can no longer be filled
    * First you fill it with soil.
    * Then you grow fruits from the soil.
    * You get books from the fruits
    * You replace books with new books from knowledge gained. Give away the books you got
    * Build you knowledge, by building wisdom from the books read
* We only have a finite amount of time
* Spend time wisely, Spend it on the goal
    * the goal should be your life's calling
* If you wish for diamonds, then you must give away the gold
    * because if you hoard the gold, there will not be space for diamonds

* knowledge and wisdome are the wealthiest item a human can possess. everything else is material and be replaced anytime

* Build you knowledge by reading everyday. 
* Grow your wisdom with good deeds and affirmative actions towards the goal

* Be bold, be strong, Be what you can become, be the best
* Be Gaganyatri

15-Dec-2022
Bad Honnef

6 months to the day, Grow higher, rebuild the platform everyday. Help everyone along the way