---
layout: post
title: "Will "
excerpt: "As of Feb 2019"
categories: blog
tags: [ thought ]
date: 2019-02-11T08:08:50-04:00

---

I, Sachin Suresh Shetty,
current resident at Bonn(Full Address) of sane mind and without external pressure
declare my will as below to be executed on my death.

I bequeath my hard currency, Bank FDs, Company Shares, Bank Accounts, Books and
proceeds from Life Insurance
to the following persons and according to below rules.

1. from the proceeds of LIC Term Insurance of Rs. 1Cr.
  * 50 % amount to be utilised towards the education of Ms. Sahana S Shetty (Sister) and her future progeny.
  The amount to be kept as Fixed deposits at SBI, Keshwapur. Hubli. The interest accruing monthly/yearly to be used for her daily expenses as a student.
  The FD to be only broken to pay for fees if all other options like loan etc., are unavailable.
  * 25 % amount to be utilised towards medical and living expenses of Smt. Suma S Shetty (Mother) and Shri Suresh M Shetty (Father)
  The amount to be kept as Fixed deposits at SBI, Keshwapur. Hubli. The interest accruing monthly/yearly to be used for expenses.
  * 12.5 % amount to be utilised as donation towards VidyaPoshak in the name of "Smt Suma and Shri Suresh M Shetty Educational Fund".
    The amount to be kept as Fixed deposits at SBI, Keshwapur. Hubli. The interest accruing monthly/yearly to be paid as donation.
  * 12.5 % amount to be utilised for settlement of loans/debts taken by me (Sachin S Shetty). The debts as of 11 Feb 2019 would be
      * Suresh M Shetty  : Rs. 5 Lakhs towards repayment of German Blocked account for M.S
      * Suma S Shetty : Rs. 2 Lakhs towards repayment of German Blocked account for M.S
      * Axis Bank Personal Loan : Rs. 1,78,000 towards repaymen for loan taken for M.S
      * SBI Car Loan : Rs. 9,81,000 towards repayment of car loan for Maruti S-Cross
      * Chaitra Ranganatha : Rs. 50000 , expected to br repaid by March 1 2019 as part of PF settlement
      * Hemanth Karnal : Euro 300 , expected to be repaid by March 1 2019 as part of PF settlement
      * Rakesh Lagare : Euro 300, expected to be repaid by March 1 2019 as part of UniBonn dorm deposit refund.

2. To maintain a single bank account at SBI personal banking branch at Keshwapur, hubli with the A/C No. as ZZZ, and close the below the accounts after transferring amount to above mentioned account

    * Germany
      * Commerzbank : Tannenbusch
        * Account 1
        * Account 2
      * Comdirect
        * Account 1
        * Account 2
        * Prepaid Card
      * Transferwise
        * Account
        * Prepaid Card
    * India
      * Axis bank
        * Account
        * Credit Card
      * SBI
        * Account2
        * Credit Card

  3. To create FD at SBI Bank in the name of Suma S Shetty (Mother), after maturity of Tax Saving FD's at AXIS Bank for Rs. 1,00,000, below are account numbers and maturity dates
    * Account 1
    * Account 2
    * Account 3

  4. I state that i do not hold any jewellery and property i.e land or buildings
  5. My collection of 250+ books, i bequeath to Sahana S Shetty(Sister) , she is requested to keep the books relevant to her and donate the rest of the books to my alma mater St Mary's High School in the name of "Smt Suma and Shri Suresh M Shetty"
  6. As i Feb 11 2019, i hold 75 shares of EFI Ltd. A tranche of 25 shares will be available to divest each year. Each year the matured shares are to be sold at prevailing market value and the proceeds to be created as FD at SBI Bank.  The accrued interest to be utilised for  Sahana S Shetty for Educational expenses.
