---
layout: page
title: Haven
excerpt: "Stories developed during global game jam 2019 v1"
modified: 2019-01-26T14:17:25-04:00
categories: books-write
tags: [ books-write ]
---


#### Story 1
A Child is separated from her tribe during an apocalyspe. After years of struggle and growing up in the huge cavern,  a shelter she called home.

She doesn’t know anything about the new world climate. All she has is a small rock slab,   a small drawing she drew with her mom( she cant remember the face exactly now). But she remembers the joy after drawing her home with her mom, dad, brother and her pet wolf in their small dwelling.


One day she finds a way/path which leads her out of the cave.

Outside the cave, her hand glances over an engraving etched into the stone . she knows Its a recent etch,

A new feeling grows strong in her body, a feeling that she remembers/that her hands felt years ago, drawing it for many days years ago .

This engraving is similar to the stone slab that she carries with her everywhere.  

There were two copies of the slab, one for her and one for her brother.

### Story 2

#### Prologue -


The apocalypse destroyed most of the terraform, all the buildings over ground became inhabitable for weeks/months/years due to gigantic solar flare and the extreme heat.

The remaining population of survivors, those who could take shelter in the underground in the nick of time , now had to survive the sewers.

The apocalypse has destroyed most of the terraforma, all the buildings over ground became uninhabitable for weeks/months/years due to a gigantic solar flare and the extreme heat.

The remaining population of survivors, those who could take shelter in the underground in the nick of time , now they had to survive the sewers.


##### Current Day--

A girl dares to venture to seek out other survivors and food, as their supplies as non-existent and staying put in the same place will invite doom.

Help the girl in her adventure  ?


#####  Level 1 - Sewers

Darkness has engulfed the underground, with the lights blacked out,
only a few emergency lights and neon signs shine some light in the sewer.

Our girl needs to find the hidden boxes to switch on the  additional emergency lights, for others to follow.

Brief exposure to the solar radiation has given her a power of partial night vision.

To maintain her power and fill the power meter she has to beat the monsters of the underground sewer.

Two huge rats arrive (they have mutated due to the radiation ),
